Add Fleet and Elastic Agent terminology to glossary (#1637)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/glossary/glossary.asciidoc

include::{kib-repo-dir}/glossary.asciidoc[tag=advanced-settings-def]
--

[[glossary-agent-policy]] Agent policy::

> A collection of inputs and settings that defines the data to be collected by {agent}.

Reviewer: An agent policy can be applied to a single agent or shared by a group of agents. This makes it easier to manage many agents at scale.

real time. {dfeeds-cap} retrieve data from {es} for analysis.
//Source: X-Pack

[[glossary-dataset]] dataset::

> A description of ingested data and its structure for each index.

Reviewer: A collection of data that has the same structure. The name of a dataset typically signifies its source https://github.com/elastic/ecs/blob/master/rfcs/text/0009-data_stream-fields.md

include::{kib-repo-dir}/glossary.asciidoc[tag=edge-def]
--

> [[glossary-{agent}]] {agent}::

Reviewer: The definition seems to apply to Elastic Agent, not just any agent.

Author: That's correct, `{agent}` resolves to Elastic Agent. Would you like to see an additional entry for `agent`?

Reviewer: that works thanks!

include::{kib-repo-dir}/glossary.asciidoc[tag=ems-def]
--

> [[glossary-epr]] Elastic Package Registry (EPR)::

Reviewer: Is it common to include links? https://github.com/elastic/package-registry

Author: Sure is. Good idea.

grok, mutate, drop, clone, and geoip. Filter stages are optional.
//Source: Logstash

[[glossary-fleet]] Fleet::

> A web-based UI in {kib} used to add and manage both {agent}s, and integrations for

Reviewer: ++

popular services and platforms.
See {fleet-guide}/fleet-overview.html[{agent} overview].
//Source: Observability

[[glossary-fleet-server]] Fleet Server::
// tbd

> //Source: Observability

Author: @dedemorton Can you provide a Fleet Server definition?

Reviewer: {fleet-server} is a component to centrally manage {agent}s. It serves as a control plane for updating agent policies, collecting status information, and coordinating actions across actions.

Author: Thanks! Updated.

grok, mutate, drop, clone, and geoip. Filter stages are optional.
//Source: Logstash

[[glossary-fleet]] Fleet::

> A web-based UI in {kib} used to add and manage {agent}s.

Reviewer: Fleet provides a way to centrally manage {agent}s at scale. There are two parts. The Fleet app in {kib} provides a web-based UI to add and remotely manage agents. The {fleet-server} provides the backend service to manage agents.

Author: ```suggestion
Fleet provides a way to centrally manage {agent}s at scale. There are two parts: The Fleet app in {kib} provides a web-based UI to add and remotely manage agents, while the {fleet-server} provides the backend service that manages agents.
```

//Source: Observability

[[glossary-integration]] integration::
A bundle of assets for configuring the ingestion and visualization of data,
or the protection of endpoints.

> Any number of integrations can be added to an <<glossary-agent-policy,{agent} policy>>.

Reviewer 2: I wonder here if we should just stick with a simple definition and not talk about agent policies. I think it helps to future proof a definition if we avoid including extra details that aren't critical to the meaning of a term.

Reviewer: An integration provides an easy way for Elastic to interact with external systems, whether its collecting data or protecting systems from security threats. Many provide out of the box assets to help you get started and get insights faster. Many can also be configured on {agent}s in a single click.

//Source: Observability

[[glossary-integration-policy]] integration policy::

> A configuration definition for an input type.

Reviewer 2: Not sure we want to use "input type" here because we also use it when we are describing standalone configs. Can we describe what the policy does rather than what it is?

Reviewer: An instance of an integration that is configured for a specific use case. They are defined in an {agent policy}.
